>> Brian Holt: An absolutely fundamental
key thing that I need you to
really understand right now with hooks is
they never go inside of if statements,
and they never go inside for
loops or anything like that.
Why?
So I can't say like,
if (something), I can't do this.
This is not okay, never do this.
The way that hooks work is,
basically, they're keeping track of
the order that you're creating hooks.
So if I have another hook underneath this,
like for example, like for
the animal, and setAnimal.
And we'll make this dog or
something like that.
The way that they're keeping track
of each individual piece of state is
they're keeping track of the order that
you're calling these things in, right?
So if I call these things out of order or
if I have an if statement, and then,
let's just imagine [INAUDIBLE],
if something
>> Brian Holt: If this is true
on the first call and false in the second
call, this will be the first thing called,
which means that this is going to
get location instead of animal,
which is going to mess up everything.
So even if you're ignoring
what is in useState,
you still have to call useState outside of
the if statement, outside of a for loop.
So I'm actually gonna introduce
you to an EL Synch rule
that want to make you do that.
But I just want to very much underscore
the fact that you cannot put in
an if statement and
you cannot put in a for loop or
really any sort of conditional or
unpredictable logic.
>> Brian Holt: Inevitably, someone at this
point in time is going to ask me like, but
what if I'm very careful that
it's called in the same order?
Just don't, I will find you and
then I will shame you.
[LAUGH] Just kidding,
I don't know, but please don't.
It's actually underscored in the docs, so
it's just something like just never do it.
Always make sure that
they're outside of that.
>> Brian Holt: And this applies
to all hooks, not just useState,
all hooks in general.
Make sure you are always
using use something, right?
That's a convention that React,
if you use this convention,
then the ES can help you
enforce some of these rules,